Fix rosetta's geth args to no longer require genesis file (#177)
celo-org/rosetta: README.md

      --datadir string            datadir to use
      --geth.binary string        Path to the celo-blockchain binary
      --geth.bootnodes string     Bootnodes to use (separated by ,)

>       --geth.genesis string       path to the genesis.json (optional; useful for running Rosetta witha  custom chain)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --geth.genesis string       path to the genesis.json (optional; useful for running Rosetta with a custom chain)
```
